[BUGFIX] Password hashing schema map mismatch with docs (#852)
authelia/authelia: docs/configuration/authentication/file.md

## Password hash algorithm

> The default hash algorithm Argon2id version 19 with a salt. Argon2id is currently considered 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default hash algorithm is Argon2id version 19 with a salt. Argon2id is currently considered 
```

the best hashing algorithm, and in 2015 won the 
[Password Hashing Competition](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Password_Hashing_Competition).
It benefits from customizable parameters allowing the cost of computing a hash to scale 
into the future which makes it harder to brute-force. Argon2id was implemented due to community 
feedback as you can see in this closed [issue](https://github.com/authelia/authelia/issues/577).

For backwards compatibility and user choice support for the SHA512 algorithm is still available. 

> While it's a reasonable hashing function given high enough iterations, as hardware gets better it 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While it's a reasonable hashing function given high enough iterations, as hardware improves it 
```
